Necessary Libraries for the project
Numpy 
Matplotlib
OpenCV for computer Vision
scikit learn(for machine Learing 
Keras(deep learning)
Panda
Scipy
BeautifulSoup
Pillow(image manipulation)
MoviePy(for video editing, video processing)
tkinter(for creating GUI
Webots 


ML and CV(computer vision) are sub-fields of AI

CV deals with how the computer can gain high level of understanding of digital images
Technologies that use CV include self-driving cars(used as camera for object detection).
instagram, and other apps that offers the enhacement image processing.

!. How computer see images:
-computer see images as a set of pixels.
-pixels are number
- colours available in CV- it uses RGB

Kernel and Convolution
-kernel is same as matrix(table of numbers);
-convolution is a math operation(slide kernel on the image inorder to modify it


Webots is an open source and multi-platform desktop application used to simulate robots. It provides a complete development environment to model, program and simulate robots.

Main features:

Fast Prototyping

Wide variety of simulations (two-wheeled, industrial arms, drones, underwater vehicles, bipeds, ...)

Realistic physics engine (ODE)

Great documentation

Quality (peer reviewed code submissions)

It has been designed for a professional use, and it is widely used in industry, education and research. Cyberbotics Ltd. maintains Webots as its main product continuously since 1998.



What is machine Learning:

AI- Allows machines to simulate Human Behaviour;

ML - Allows a machine to learn from Data.
ML is a subcategory in AI.

ML algorithms build models based on a sample data.

Section Outline:

Train and Predict

ML Categories(supervised, unsupervised and Reinforecement Learning):

Types of supervised Learning are Classification(eg prediction to see if a picture is a dog or a cat) and Regression(Prediction of number based on the relationship it shares with other parameters eg linear regression for hooks Law).

Types of unsupervised Learning are clustering(uses K-nearest neighbour algorithms)

Types of Reinforcemnent Learning is Q-learning eg of its implimentation is alpha GO

ML for self-driven cars
1. Obeject Detection and classification eg stop signs, forward signs etc
2. Lane Prediction eg Path
3. Traffic Lights.





